Ability to read protocol parameters via REST (#989)
input-output-hk/hydra: CHANGELOG.md

- `Greetings` message now contains also the hydra-node version.

> - New REST endpoint (`/protocol-parameters`) which provides protocol-parameters
>   used in the hydra-node.

Reviewer: Nitpicky, but this is an HTTP path / endpoint. REST is more an overall paradigm.

```suggestion
- New HTTP endpoint (`GET /protocol-parameters`) which provides the current protocol parameters
  used by the hydra-node when validating transactions.
```
